gpt3-jsm/src/src-readme.md, before:

### 1. Intro

but basically we're trying to hook the react application to the `index.html`?


```
ReactDOM.render(<App/>, document.getElementById('root'));
```
what is this?
there's only one div with `id='root'`
this is where the entire react application goes.

clear up the HTML file

> create `App.js`
run `rafce`
React arrow function component.


download and install `es7 snippets`

for some reason you can't bracket ReactDOM as 
`{ReactDOM}`

oh react has hot-reloading by default.


### 2. File and Folder Structure
when naming .jsx you have to Capitalize the first letter of the

```
jsx - After compilation, JSX expressions become regular JavaScript function calls and evaluate to JavaScript objects.

Since JSX is closer to JavaScript than to HTML, React DOM uses camelCase property naming convention instead of HTML attribute names.
```
jsx - also prevents XSS (cross site scripting)



[why jsx](https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html)

**article**
  - article.css
  - Article.jsx

what is `Call to Action (CTA)`


there is also a specific way to js export.


created `/src/containers` for even bigger packaged components
you can also check in eslint, so you can be 'lint free'

also added each individually

```
<div>
  <div className="App">
    <div className="gradient__bg">
      <Navbar />
      <Headers />
    </div>
    <Brand />
    <WhatGPT3 />
    <Features />
    <Possibility />
    <CTA />
    <Blog />
    <Footer />
  </div>
</div>
```
so yeah apparently react is simply to structure it.

`npm start`


### 3. Navigation Bar

### 4. Header

### 5. Brands section

### 6. What is GPT3 Section in

### 7. Future is now Section

### 8. Features


### 8. CTA

### 9. Blog Section


### 8. Footer

### 8. Deployment

Commit message:

3. checkpoint src/components/nav
finalized navbar

gpt3-jsm/src/src-readme.md, after:

### 1. Intro

but basically we're trying to hook the react application to the `index.html`?


```
ReactDOM.render(<App/>, document.getElementById('root'));
```
what is this?
there's only one div with `id='root'`
this is where the entire react application goes.

clear up the HTML file

> create `App.js`
run `rafce`
React arrow function component.


download and install `es7 snippets`

for some reason you can't bracket ReactDOM as 
`{ReactDOM}`

oh react has hot-reloading by default.


### 2. File and Folder Structure
when naming .jsx you have to Capitalize the first letter of the

```
jsx - After compilation, JSX expressions become regular JavaScript function calls and evaluate to JavaScript objects.

Since JSX is closer to JavaScript than to HTML, React DOM uses camelCase property naming convention instead of HTML attribute names.
```
jsx - also prevents XSS (cross site scripting)



[why jsx](https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html)

**article**
  - article.css
  - Article.jsx

what is `Call to Action (CTA)`


there is also a specific way to js export.


created `/src/containers` for even bigger packaged components
you can also check in eslint, so you can be 'lint free'

also added each individually

```
<div>
  <div className="App">
    <div className="gradient__bg">
      <Navbar />
      <Headers />
    </div>
    <Brand />
    <WhatGPT3 />
    <Features />
    <Possibility />
    <CTA />
    <Blog />
    <Footer />
  </div>
</div>
```
so yeah apparently react is simply to structure it.

`npm start`


### 3. Navigation Bar

added src/index.css
added src/App.css

we're also using BEM convention
- Block
- Element
- Modifier
`gpt3__navbar` so yeah it apparently helps scale css on big scale

```BEM — Block Element Modifier is a methodology that helps you to create reusable components and code sharing in front-end development```

we also styled each component.

### 4. Header

### 5. Brands section

### 6. What is GPT3 Section in

### 7. Future is now Section

### 8. Features


### 8. CTA

### 9. Blog Section


### 8. Footer

### 8. Deployment
